so the start off with I'm priming my
face this is my favorite primer at the
moment I feel what just really smooth
out my skin and makes my makeup glide on
and just last all day I love it moving
on it with this elf cream concealer I'm
just applying this around the sides of
my nose covering any old blemishes that
I have em I'm also applying this
underneath my eyes just using a light
touch and just really trying to work and
blend that product in this is going to
really help get rid of my monstrous dark
circles all right now this is one of my
favorite products at the moment it is
like an airbrushed mineral powder and it
just glides on it it makes your skin
look so healthy and radiant and it
doesn't actually feel like you've got
makeup on I totally love love love love
this product so now I'm just doing my
eyebrows off camera I've link a video in
the description box if you guys want to
know how I achieved this look using some
more of that arbonne primer on my lids
as an eyeshadow primer and moving on to
this me eyeshadow palette this is the
first time that I'm using it today and I
really quite like it just taking the
lightest shade and applying to a wash of
this all over my lids moving on with
this match kind of chocolatey brown
shade and still using the same brush i'm
applying this into the crease of my lid
now to add a little bit of shimmer and
glitz to my eyes I'm taking this kind of
neutral shimmery shade and applying that
over the top of the chocolate brown and
in the outer corners of my eyes okay so
now just using my fingertip I'm taking a
lot of shade of the same palette and
just padding this on the center of my
lid I love central it highlights because
it really opens up your eyes makes them
look so much more intriguing and larger
as well i'm also applying this just on
my brow bone just using my fingertips
okay so now i'm using another new
product today i am in love with this
eyeliner oh my gosh it is amazing it's
just so easy to use and so precise
especially if you're going for a cat eye
look it is just amazing obviously if you
haven't tried it out you need to get
your hands on it it is incredible no
just type lining my upper lash line with
a little bit of a gel eyeliner and just
really working that in well between my
lashes just to make sure the top lash
line is completely black and covered any
mess on the lower lash line and now
we're moving on to the fun part I love
using a pop of color it just really
transforms your makeup look and makes a
kind of summary as well and just our it
just really opens your eyes up makes
your eye color really stand out you
don't have to use till you can use gold
or green or purple or whatever takes
your fancy but I really like this trick
it's amazing I'm also lining at just
along the side of the cat eyeliner just
to kind of tie the look together and
make it just that tad bit more
noticeable especially when your eyes are
closed applying a little bit of that
lighter shade just in the inner corners
of my eyes as a highlight all right now
time for bronzer I'm applying this
pretty much all over my face down the
centers of my nose or my temples of
course in my cheekbones and and yeah i
just love contouring i feel especially
if you're taking photos it really brings
out the features of your face and it
doesn't kind of get lost and yeah i just
really love it it makes you able to kind
of fake cheekbones if you don't have
cheekbones like me so I'm moving on with
this really bright pink blush I know it
looks bright but if you use a really
light hand it gives your skin just a
gorgeous kind of flash and it does look
quite natural so I'm just applying this
above my contour and a little bit on the
apples of my cheeks
time for some falsies so I love these
falsies by lash Republic they actually
have an extra band in the outer corner
to really emphasize that kind of almond
shaped cat eye look which I've really
really loves so I'm just applying these
and then locking it all in place with a
little bit of black mascara just on my
top lash line if maybe touch up your
eyeliner just with that same eyeliner
pen so I'm keeping my lips fairly
neutral today I love this lipstick it
does have a little bit of a movie kinda
hint to let and it's very very
flattering and it's not too pale if
you're kind of new to wearing nudes and
then finishing off with a kind of nude
lip gloss over the top
so here you have the finished look thank
you guys so much for watching I really
really appreciate it also add love you
guys to subscribe to my channel and
means the world to me and I really will
say that but honestly it really does and
I'd also love you two thumbs up and
comment I always try to reply to every
comment i get so yeah I really
appreciate it also check out some of my
other channels and get in touch with me
on some of my other pages